Terms of Service for JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation (established as of October 1, 2022）

Hokkaido Railway Company (“JR Hokkaido”), East Japan Railway Company (“JR East Japan”), Central Japan Railway Company (“JR Central Japan”), West Japan Railway Company (“JR West Japan”), Shikoku Railway Company (“JR Shikoku”), and Kyushu Railway Company (“JR Kyushu”) establish the following “Terms of Service for JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation” (the “Terms”), regarding use of the online service called “JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation” (the “Service”) which is targeted to foreign travelers visiting Japan.

Article 1 (Definitions)
The major terms used herein are defined as follows:
(1) The term “Six JR Group Companies” collectively refers to JR Hokkaido, JR East Japan, JR Central Japan, JR West Japan, JR Shikoku, and JR Kyushu.
(2) The term “Registered User” refers to a customer who has completed the registration of user information for the Service and has been approved by the Six JR Group Companies.
(3) The term “Travelling Companion” refers to a customer for whom the Registered User of the Service has registered information designated by the Six JR Group Companies, in order to allow the relevant customer who is not a Registered User to use the service, and who has been approved by the Six JR Group Companies.
(4) The term “User” collectively refers to “Registered User” and “Travelling Companion”.
(5) The term “Pass” refers to a JAPAN RAIL PASS purchased using the Service.
(6) The term “Reserved Seat Ticket” refers to a reserved seat ticket associated with the Pass purchased through the Service.
(7) The term “Travel” refers to a unit processed in a single operation of a reservation for reserved seats in the Service.
(8) The term “Guidance Website” refers to the JAPAN RAIL PASS guidance website jointly operated by the Six JR Group Companies.
　　 https://japanrailpass.net/

Article 2 (Validity of the Terms)
1. The Terms shall apply to the Six JR Group Companies and the User in connection with use of the Service.
2. The User shall comply with the Terms when using the Service.
3. The validity of the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) which the Registered User has purchased or reserved through the Service shall be determined pursuant to the Terms and the matters provided on the Service website, as well as the Regulations on Passenger Operations (general provisions applicable to transportation contracts) of each of the Six JR Group Companies and the other general rules posted on the Guidance Website or otherwise on the Internet.
4. The Six JR Group Companies may amend the Terms if it is deemed necessary. In amending the Terms, the Six JR Group Companies will notify the details of the amendment and the time when the amendment will be effected, using the method prescribed in paragraph 1 of the following Article. After the amendment takes effect, only the content remaining in the Terms after the amendment shall be effective. However, if the content of the amendment requires the User’s consent under applicable laws or regulations, the User’s consent shall be obtained pursuant to the following Article or any other method prescribed by the Six JR Group Companies.

Article 3 (Method of Notification and Consent)
1. Notifications to the User concerning the Service (including those to notify revisions to the terms, addition, amendment, and abolition, etc. of services; hereinafter the same applies) shall be made by posting an announcement on the Service website or by sending e-mails, etc.
2. If the notification under the preceding paragraph is made by e-mail, the notification is deemed to have been completed when the e-mail sent to the e-mail address which the Registered User has designated as of the time of the notification arrives at the mail server.
3. If the notification under paragraph 1 is made by posting on the Service website, the notification is deemed to be complete at the time when it is posted on the Service website.
4. Under paragraph 2, if the information which the Registered User designates at the time of the notification is inaccurate, the notification is deemed to be complete at the time when the notification should normally arrive, or when the notification is posted on the Service website.
5. If the User uses the Service after the Terms are amended by the notification under paragraph 1, the User is deemed to have consented to the content of that notification.

Article 4 (Time and Currency)
1. The Terms and the Service shall indicate dates and time based on the standard time in Japan (“Japan Standard Time”) and indicate the price in Japanese yen.
2. The exchange rate, the date of exchange, the accompanying foreign transaction fee, etc. prescribed by the credit card company in relation to the credit settlement related to the Registered User’s execution of, or amendment or cancellation of a transportation contract for this Service shall be governed by the contract between the Registered User and his or her credit card company.

Article 5 (JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation Service)
1. The Service enables the Registered User to purchase, amend, request a refund of, the Pass for the User, or to reserve, amend, or cancel the Reserved Seat Ticket (the “Reservation Operations”) through an application made online, and to receive the Pass and secure a reserved seat.
2. The Service shall be available in Japanese, English, Korean, and Chinese (both traditional and simplified).

Article 6 (User Qualification)
1. The pass purchased through the Service shall be used only by those having their passport issued by a non-Japanese governmental entity and entering Japan (including those having already entered Japan) under the qualification of “short-period stay” (90 days) from among the residence qualifications prescribed in Appended Table 1-3 and Article 2-2 of the “Immigration Control and Refugee Recognition Act” (Cabinet Order No. 319 of 1951).
2. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, those Users who have forfeited their qualification by application of Article 20, paragraph 2 of the Terms are not allowed to use the Service.
3. The Registered User shall, at his or her responsibility, confirm whether his or her Travelling Companion is qualified to use the Pass in accordance with paragraph 1 and the preceding paragraph.

Article 7 (Passenger Tickets, Etc. Available Through the Reservation Operations)
1. The categories of passenger tickets, etc. available by the Service are as follows:
(1) the Pass
(2) the Reserved Seat Ticket
* Reserved Seat Tickets can only be reserved after the payment for the Pass under item 1 has been processed. Reserved Seat Tickets cannot be reserved without purchasing the Pass.
2. The ticket types of the Pass and trains for which Reserved Seat Tickets can be purchased will be posted on the Service website and the Guidance Website.
3. The Registered User may perform the Reservation Operations with respect to the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) to be used by his or her Travelling Companion, together with the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) to be used by the Registered User.
4. The maximum number of people in a single Pass application shall be six (6), including adults and children, and seven (7) or more people cannot be dealt with.
5. In the case of purchasing several Passes, no Passes purchased shall overlap in their effective period, regardless of the types of the Passes (Ordinary Car Pass or Green Car Pass (for first-class cars); effective period of seven (7) days, 14 days, or 21 days, etc.).
6. No new Reserved Seat Ticket can be reserved if any of the following cases applies.
(1) If the period from the time of departure from the boarding station to the time of arrival at the alighting station overlaps with the corresponding period of the Reserved Seat Ticket for the same date of boarding which has been reserved earlier, except for cases where the time of arrival for the new reservation is the same as the time of departure of the earlier-reserved Reserved Seat Ticket, or where the time of departure for the new reservation is the same as the time of arrival of the earlier-reserved Reserved Seat Ticket.
(2) If the boarding station and the alighting station are the same as in the earlier-reserved Reserved Seat Ticket, and the date of boarding is the same.
7. There is a limitation on the instances of Travel allowed to be reserved through the Service.

Article 8 (Method of Reservation Operations)
The Reservation Operations through the Service shall be made in the manner designated on the Service website.

Article 9 (Application Period for Purchase and Reservation)
The application period for purchase and reservation through the Service shall comply with the rule on the available hours of the Service website as prescribed in paragraph 1 of the following Article, as well as in each of the following items:
(1) Pass
From 4 a.m. on the day one month prior to the use start date until the use start date
(2) Reserved Seat Ticket
From 10 a.m. on the day one month prior to the date of boarding until six (6) minutes before the time of departure (the “Time of Departure”) of the relevant train as listed on the train timetable

Article 10 (Available Hours of the Service Website)
1. The available hours for registration, amendment, and deletion of the User information of the Service website, and to log-in to the Service website shall be from 4 a.m. to 23:30 p.m.
2. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, the system may be down on an irregular basis due to maintenance, in which case the Six JR Group Companies may post an announcement on the Service website.

Article 11 (Amendment and Refund)
1. The amendment and refund of a Pass and Reserved Seat Ticket either purchased or reserved through the Service will be handled in accordance with the following items:
(1) Pass
(i) Prior to the Pass being picked up any amendment or refund request can be made on the Service website, from 4 a.m. to 23:30 p.m. up until the day before the use start date of the Pass. It is to be noted that this is only applicable where the Pass has not been picked up.
(ii) The only possible amendment to the Pass is a change to the use start date and an increase or decrease of the number of the Travelling Companions. Amendment to the type of the Pass (Ordinary Car Pass or Green Car Pass (for first-class cars); effective period of seven (7) days, 14 days, or 21 days, etc.) is not possible.
(iii) An amendment to the Pass can be made until the date before the day which is three months after the date of the initial settlement date.
(iv) When adding a Travelling Companion to a Pass, the type of the Pass, the effective period, and the use start date for the added Travelling Companion must be the same as those for the Registered User.
(v) When deleting a Travelling Companion from a Pass, a refund fee shall be imposed for the number of people to be deleted. Deletion of the Registered User is not possible.
(vi) When increasing or decreasing the number of the Travelling Companions associated with the Pass, all of the Reserved Seat Tickets which have been reserved previously will be cancelled.
(vii) The number of amendment allowed for a Pass is 20.
(2) Reserved Seat Ticket
Amendment before the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) have been picked up shall be possible on the Service website from 4 a.m. to 23:30 p.m., until the Time of Departure of the first train in the reserved Travel and until six (6) minutes before the Time of Departure of the train after amendment. Cancellation before the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) have been picked up shall be possible on the Service website from 4 a.m. to 23:30 p.m., until the Time of Departure of the first train in the reserved Travel. It is to be noted that this is only applicable where the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) have not been picked up.
* Any amendment or cancellation shall be made for the whole of each Travel.
2. In regard to applying for an amendment to increase or decrease the number of passengers or requesting a refund before picking up the Pass, the amendment or refund will be processed only after the payment for the amended Pass or the refund fee has first been settled, using the credit card which the Registered User initially used for purchasing the Pass.
3. In regard to applying for an amendment or refund on the Service website before receiving the Pass, the number of amendments allowed, refund fees, etc. may differ from as those prescribed in the applicable general provisions of the Transportation Contract Executing Company, in which case the method, etc. of amendment and refund shall be notified on the Service website.
4. In principle, a refund after receipt of the Pass shall be possible until the date before the use start date, at the Receiving Place set out in Article 15, paragraph 1 of the Terms. In order to receive the refund, the Registered User must bring with him or her the credit card which the Registered User used in settlement for purchasing the Pass.

Article 12 (Payment means)
1. The payment means for the Service shall be such that, when purchasing the Pass, the Registered User makes settlement by entering the credit card number, using the method of payment designated on the Service website.
2. The Registered User must enter a credit card number, name and security code when purchasing the Pass. The credit card shall be limited to those having any of the following marks and in the name of Registered User. The credit card shall be used in accordance with the terms prescribed by each credit card company.
(1) JCB
(2) AMERICAN EXPRESS
(3) Visa
(4) Mastercard
(5) Diners Club
(6) DISCOVER

Article 13 (Response to Application for the Reservation Operations)
1. The response to the Registered User’s application for the Reservation Operations shall be sent on the screen of the internet terminal or by e-mail.
2. The response to the Registered User’s application for the Reservation Operations will indicate the settlement details and the “reservation number”.
3. In the case where the Registered User does not receive a response from the Six JR Group Companies after completing the Reservation Operations, he or she may contact the JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation support center (the “Support Center”) by e-mail. The Registered User shall then follow the Support Center’s instructions.
(Note 1) All inquiries to the Support Center shall be made in English.
(Note 2) All inquiries to the Support Center shall be only accepted by e-mail, and it may take some time to receive a response.
(Note 3) All inquiries to the Support Center will be responded to via e-mail.
(Note 4) The Support Center only accepts inquiries regarding use of the Service, and it may refrain from responding to inquiries unrelated to use of the Service.
(Note 5) The Support Center is open from 9 a.m. to 18 p.m.

Article 14 (Formation of a Contract, Etc.)
1. The contract for the User’s application through the Reservation Operations in the Service shall be deemed to have been formed: (1) at the time on which the screen of the internet terminal has displayed completion of the reservation, or (2) at the time on which the e-mail to inform the Registered User of the settlement details and the “reservation number”, etc. has arrived in the mail server of the e-mail address designated by the Registered User, whichever is earlier. It is to be noted that the transportation contract will be automatically executed with one company (the “Transportation Contract Executing Company”) representing the Six JR Group Companies, and the Transportation Contract Executing Company shall handle the credit settlement.
2. In the preceding paragraph, in the case where the e-mail address designated by the Registered User is inaccurate or where there is a mail server fault, due to which the e-mail arrival is delayed or the e-mail fails to arrive, the Six JR Group Companies may deem that the e-mail has arrived at the time at which the e-mail is supposed to normally arrive.
3. The Pass for which the transportation contract is successfully executed between the User and the Transportation Contract Executing Company and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) reserved by the User shall be kept by the Transportation Contract Executing Company by the time at which the User receives them or performs a refund.
4. The User shall request and receive the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s), in any case before the boarding, at the Receiving Place set out in paragraph 1 of the following Article. In the case of failure to receive the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket, the User shall not be allowed to board a train.

Article 15 (Pick Up Method)
1. The User shall pick up the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) kept at the Transportation Contract Executing Company pursuant to the preceding Article, paragraph 3, at the station or the like (the “Receiving Place”) designated by the Six JR Group Companies and listed on the Service website.
2. When picking up the Pass and Reserved Seat Ticket(s) under the preceding paragraph, the User shall comply with the following items. It is to be noted that the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) can only be picked up by the User.
(1) To state the reservation number
(2) To present the passport of the Registered User
(3) In the case of purchasing the Travelling Companion’s Pass, to present the passports of all of the Travelling Companions
(Note) When picking up the Pass, the User to use the Pass must present their passports in person.
3. The Six JR Group Companies may decline to deliver the Pass or the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) if, as a result of the confirmation under the preceding paragraph, they deem that the User does not satisfy the user qualification for the purchased or reserved Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s). In that case, the undelivered Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) will be the subject of a refund pursuant to Article 11 of the Terms.
4. The Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) can be picked up during the business hours of the Receiving Place, the opening time of which is not earlier than 4:30 a.m. and the closing time not later than 23:30 p.m. The business hours of each Receiving Place shall be listed on the Guidance Website.
5. The User shall pick up the Pass kept by the Transportation Contract Executing Company pursuant to paragraph 3 of the preceding Article, either before the use start date or during the effective period. After elapse of the effective period, the User cannot receive the Pass.
6. The User shall pick up the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) kept by the Transportation Contract Executing Company pursuant to the preceding Article, paragraph 3, by the date of boarding designated at the time of reservation. If the User fails to receive the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) by the date of boarding designated at the time of reservation, the User cannot receive the Reserved Seat Ticket on or after the date after the date of boarding.

Article 16 (Handling of System Faults)
In the case of a system fault which prevents the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) from being received, the User may either make a request at the Receiving Place or contact the Support Center by e-mail. It is to be noted that in the case of failure to receive the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) purchased through the Service due to a system fault, the User may have to purchase a necessary passenger ticket or the like.

Article 17 (User Environment Etc. of the Service)
1. The Registered User shall install and use appropriate equipment, software, etc. (the “User Facilities”) which are necessary to receive the Service, at its own responsibility and expense.
2. The Service function may not properly operate, depending on the type, browser, version, etc. of the User Facilities.
3. The Six JR Group Companies shall owe no responsibility for any inoperation of the Service function attributed to the User Facilities or any effects thereof.
4. The Registered User shall pay for, at its responsibility, any necessary expenses including the connection to the Internet in operation of the Service website, the reception of the e-mail transmitted from the Six JR Group Companies directed to the e-mail address designated by the User, and the communication expense generated in contacting the Support Center via e-mail, etc.

Article 18 (Rejection of Credit Card)
The Service cannot be used if the credit card used by the Registered User for “credit settlement” is rejected by the credit card company for any reason whatsoever including in the case where the upper limit of the credit card has already been exceeded.

Article 19 (Use of the User Information)
1. The Six JR Group Companies may use the user information and the information related to the User which they have come to know during the process in which the Registered User uses the Service (including the purchase history, the server communication history, and any additional information required for the Service, such as the User’s e-mail address), for the purpose of provision of the Service and the related services.
2. The User shall consent to the Six JR Group Companies’ usage of the information related to the User under the preceding paragraph.
3. The information related to the User under paragraph 1 shall be handled in compliance with our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) and our policy regarding use of access data for JAPAN RAIL PASS, both of which are published on the Service website.

Article 20 (The User’s Obligations)
1. The User shall comply with the following items in using the Service:
(1) In using the Service, the User shall comply with the laws and regulations, and the general manners and technical rules in using the Internet.
(2) In relation to the Service, the User shall not conduct any behavior which may cause problems or disadvantage to the Six JR Group Companies or any third party, any behavior which may hinder the Service, or any behavior which may violate laws or regulations, or the Terms, etc.
(3) The User shall not, either directly or indirectly, attempt or perform any such act as resale or conversion into money for commercial purposes, of either a part or all of the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) purchased through the Service (including the agency service prescribed under the Travel Agency Act).
(4) The User shall not use the Service to purchase the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s), a part or all of which he or she does not use on his or her own, for the purpose of resale, conversion into money, etc., and in a quantity or a frequency exceeding such levels as deemed reasonable.
(5) The User shall comply with the matters prescribed in the Terms, and shall not perform any act which may be deemed inappropriate by the Six JR Group Companies.
2. If the User fails to perform the obligations prescribed in the preceding paragraph, the Six JR Group Companies may either immediately halt or cancel the qualification for reservation from that time onwards, without making any prior notification. It is to be noted that, even if the User’s application for use is disapproved or if his or her qualification is halted, cancelled, or forfeited, the User shall agree to bear all the liabilities concerning the contract on purchase of the Pass while the contract concerning use of the Service or the commodity purchase is effective.

Article 21 (The User’s Responsibilities, and the Six JR Group Companies’ Exemption from Responsibilities, Etc.）
1. The User shall owe all the responsibilities for any act and result performed under his or her reservation number in use of the Service, regardless of whether the User has performed the act or not, and with or without negligence. If a third party is damaged, the User shall resolve the dispute with the third party at his or her responsibility and expense.
2. The Six JR Group Companies shall not owe any responsibilities for the following cases in relation to the Service, in addition to for the matters prescribed in the Privacy Policy.
(1) In the case where the User violates the Terms, or laws or regulations, etc.
(2) Any disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party due to inaccuracies contained in the User information (including an erroneous description, omission in description, etc.)
(3) Any disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party due to the Six JR Group Companies halting, amending, terminating the Service, etc., or restricting the User’s access to the Service.
(4) Any disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party due to any problem in online communications or any problem in the setting of the Registered User’s User Facilities, the type, browser, or version thereof.
(5) Any disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party due to any change in e-mail address or available hours, etc. of the Support Center, effort to respond in the language used in the Support Center or time required for the response to the inquiry.
(6) Any disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party, in such cases where any transaction information including credit card information is leaked, attributable to wiretapping etc. of the communication channel, despite a considerable level of security measures taken by the Six JR Group Companies.
(7) Any disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party, due to a computer virus attached to an e-mail transmitted by the Six JR Group Companies without being exterminated despite a considerable level of security measures taken by the Six JR Group Companies, or an e-mail transmitted from Six JR Group Companies in excess of the reception capacity of the Registered User’s equipment, despite the Six JR Group Companies having deemed it appropriate as a commonly used quantity for transmission.
(8) Any other disadvantage incurred by the User or a third party attributed to the Service, despite a considerable level of attention paid by the Six JR Group Companies.
3. If any JR company incurs damage due to the User’s violation of the Terms, the Six JR Group Companies shall claim all their damages from the User, and the User shall agree to compensate for the claim.
4. The Six JR Group Companies shall not owe any responsibilities for the disadvantages incurred by the User or a third party attributed to the notification under Article 3, paragraph 1.
5. The Six JR Group Companies shall not owe any responsibilities also in the case where the User cannot receive the Pass and the Reserved Seat Ticket(s) kept by the Six JR Group Companies due to cancellation or delay of a flight or change of arrival airport of a flight, etc.

Article 22 (Elimination of Antisocial Forces)
1. The User hereby represents and warrants that he or she does not and will not fall under any of the following items:
(1) A crime syndicate;
(2) A crime syndicate member and a person for whom 5 years have not yet elapsed from the date the person ceased to be a crime syndicate member;
(3) An associate member of a crime syndicate;
(4) A company affiliated with a crime syndicate;
(5) A corporate racketeer, a group engaging in criminal activities under the pretext of conducting social campaigns, etc. or a crime group specialised in intellectual crimes;
(6) A person living with the parties listed in the preceding items;
(7) An organised crime group or terrorist group;
(8) A member of an organised crime group or terrorist group; and
(9) Any other person equivalent to the foregoing.
2. The User shall warrant that he or she will not perform the following acts or have any third party perform such acts:
(1) A violent demand;
(2) An unfair demand beyond legal responsibility;
(3) An act that uses threatening words or behaviour or violence in connection with transactions;
(4) An act that spreads rumours, uses fraudulent means or resorts to physical violence, thereby damaging the credit of the Six JR Group Companies or obstructing the operations of the Six JR Group Companies; and
(5) Other acts equivalent to the foregoing.

Article 23 (Ownership of Rights)
The rights concerning all programs, software, services, procedures, trademarks, tradenames, which constitute the Service, and other services provided in connection with the Service and the related techniques in general are owned by the Six JR Group Companies. The User is prohibited from performing any act infringing on these rights.

Article 24 (Governing Law and Agreed Jurisdiction)
The Terms shall be interpreted or applied in accordance with the laws of Japan. Any dispute (including the courts’ mediation procedures) in connection with the Terms and the Service shall be submitted, in the first instance, to the exclusive agreed jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court or the summary court responsible for the location of the head office of the company, included in the Six JR Group Companies, which is the party to the dispute (the “Company Concerned”). If there are several Companies Concerned, the location of the head office shall be the location of the head office of the Transportation Contract Executing Company, and if the Transportation Contract Executing Company is not included in the Companies Concerned, it shall be the location of the head office of any Company Concerned.

Article 25 (The Effective Date of the Terms)
The Terms shall take effect from 4 a.m. on June 1, 2020, Japan Standard Time. 
