Requirements for Using JAPAN RAIL PASS
(Make sure to check the following requirements before making a purchase!)

You cannot purchase a JAPAN RAIL PASS if you do not meet the requirements.
Even if you purchase a JAPAN RAIL PASS on JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation, you will not be able to pick it up if you do not meet the requirements. The same applies for persons accompanying you whose passes were purchased at the same time.
Please only make your purchase after you have read and understood the requirements.

[Requirements for purchasing a JAPAN RAIL PASS on JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation]
Travelers to Japan from overseas that have entered the country under Temporary Visitor status for sightseeing purposes*123

*1 Technically differs from the general meaning of “Temporary Visitor”.
Persons permitted entry for sightseeing purposes for 15 or 90 days under Temporary Visitor status as established by Japan Immigration Control Law. Persons wishing to enter Japan for sightseeing purposes will receive a Temporary Visitor stamp or sticker in their passport from the immigration inspector.
　See the following link for an example of a Temporary Visitor stamp or sticker.
https://japanrailpass.net/about_jrp/
This only applies to visitors with a non-Japanese passport (Japanese citizens residing overseas are not eligible for this service.)

*2 Only persons with a Temporary Visitor stamp or sticker in their passport may purchase, pick up, and use a JAPAN RAIL PASS.
Note that if you use the automated immigration gate, you will not receive a stamp or sticker in your passport. Either go to a manned automated gate or request a stamp or sticker from staff. Only persons with a stamp or sticker in their passport may purchase, pick up, and use a JAPAN RAIL PASS. However, persons that have been issued with a registered user card in the Trusted Traveler Program may present the card as proof of their Temporary Visitor status.

*3 You cannot pick up or use a JAPAN RAIL PASS when entering Japan under “Trainee”, “Performer”, or “Reentry” status.

The JR Group will not be responsible for any transportation cost compensation while staying in Japan if you are unable to pick up the pass due to not meeting the requirements.

If you purchase a JAPAN RAIL PASS without meeting the requirements, you may receive a refund on JAPAN RAIL PASS Reservation up to the day before the start date.
A handling charge applies in this case. 
